Pdfmvc is an alternative PDF module for the play framework version 1.2.4 in alpha status.
It's special because you don't need @renderPDF()@ method in an action that couples the controller to a specific view.

h2. How it works

A HTTP request for a file ending with ".pdf" will use templates ending with ".fo" (it uses Apache FOP). So the result is a XML document for FOP. This document will be used to generate a PDF that will be returned to the client.

h2. Example

Download this entire folder.
In folder _exampleApp_ is a play app that uses pdfmvc. 
Start the application with @play test --deps@ and click on the link "export PDF" at http://localhost:9000 to generate a PDF.

h2. Module installation

The module is an alpha and not in a public repository.
You have to download the module source in folder "pdfmvc" and add it to a local repository (http://www.playframework.org/documentation/1.2.4/dependency#Localrepositories).

Transitive dependencies doesn't work yet, so you have to put
<pre>require:
    - play
    - org.apache.xmlgraphics -> fop 1.0
</pre>

in your application's "dependencies.yml".

h2. Licence

Copyright 2012 Michael Schleichardt

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License..